Standing in this city, you are mentally ill.
It’s okay if you don’t have the ability to help the Ling family.
You are the one who dares to think about this contract, and you can let our Ling family place an order at any time.
Standing in this city, if you think about it, you don’t have the director’s seal on this contract.
I want to let the Ling family stamp their hearts again,
Him and Rong Yi.
That’s right, connect Lingjiawu to our Lingjia Duoren project department,
There is no electronic board, so what should I do with the car?
Lord Ling, good husband,
Husband, fresh aunt is here to play in the long room,
Hence our Zero Hour family.
Don't don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't
Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't
No one has ever been able to stop it
Since you are such a small prince, you are deliberately jumping
It won’t be difficult for you this time
Just wait and regret it